[music playing]
>> Hello, everyone.
This is Ty.
Today we're down the beach.
We just saw some dolphins
out to our right.
There's surfers here.
I've got my shoes off.
I'm down in the sand.
I'm soaking up the
energy of the Earth.
And today we're going to
talk to you about EMFs.
What are EMFs?
They're electromagnetic
frequencies.
They're invisible.
We don't know.
We don't know much about them.
We can't see them.
But we know that they're there.
And before all the mobile
phones and before all the Wi-Fi
and all that technology,
all we had was natural EMFs.
And one man that
worked all that out
was named Winfried Schumann.
He basically worked out
that the Earth is constantly
letting out a frequency
into the ionosphere.
Those frequencies can
be measured in hertz.
And the Earth's frequency
as measured at 7.83 hertz.
So the Earth is constantly
beaming out a frequency
into the ionosphere, right?
Now, guess what else
they worked out?
The brain lets out what
we call alpha waves.
And guess what
they're measured at?
7.83 hertz.
What does that mean?
I think what it means is, over
hundreds and thousands of years
we have come in
sync with the Earth.
That we vibrate a frequency
that matches the Earth.
And that's why
when you go outside
you feel really, really good.
That's one way to test it guys.
Be indoors, be in all
the artificial light
and all the rest
of it, walk outside
and you instantly feel better.
Now, here's a really
cool experiment
they did that kind of
proved all of this.
These bunch of scientists
got all these students
and put them in these
underground bunkers.
And these underground
bunkers, it blocked out
all the natural EMFs that
the Earth emits, right?
So after one, two, three
hours, after a few days,
all of a sudden every
single one of those students
was getting headaches.
They weren't being
able to sleep well.
They couldn't focus.
They were just
basically feeling down.
And then what the
scientists did is
they had a little made
transmitter in there.
They started sending
out all these EMFs
at the same hertz, the 7.83,
the natural reoccurring
hertz of the Earth.
And all of sudden
within minutes,
within hours, every single
student was feeling better.
They were able to focus.
They were able to sleep.
They were able to read.
So that means that
we're in sync.
Even though we
can't see it, guys,
we're in sync with the
frequencies of the Earth.
Now, let's take it
another step further.
In 2006, we lost in
some countries 70%
of all their honeybees.
Everyone was trying
to work out, what's
happened to all our honeybees?
I mean, honeybees are
essential for life.
We know this, guys.
They pollinate all our
nuts and our seeds.
What one guy worked out, he
set up these eight beehives
and he put a deck phone
in five of the hives.
Now, a deck phone is
like a cordless phone,
like in your home when you're
talking on a cordless phone?
So he put these deck
phones in five hives.
And those five hives
that had the deck
phones, 90% of the bees did
not return back to the hive.
And in one of the hives,
not one single be returned
which is very alarming.
Now, next to that was
another three hives.
And in those three hives,
all the bees came back.
Bees basically navigate with
electromagnetic frequencies.
In the last 30 years we
have flooded this planet
with man made EMFs.
All these new electromagnetic
fields in the air and the bee
can't navigate back
to its little hive
and the bee doesn't
know where it's going.
Who knows where the bee's going?
But the bees aren't
there anymore.
And so we know it's
affecting nature.
Now let's take it
another step further.
We know that EMFs are
affecting our bodies
because the microwaves
that are being sent
from the mobile phone tower
to your phone that are then
going through your skull
and affecting your brain
are affecting your melatonin.
Melatonin is the body's
most powerful antioxidant.
It's five times more
powerful than vitamin C,
it's twice as powerful as
vitamin E. What melatonin
does in your brain is, when
it detects that you're asleep
and there's no light around,
when your cells are recreating
at night there's a waste
product called free radicals.
And the melatonin
basically goes through
and flushes all your
free radicals out so
that you have healthy
cell reproduction.
That's what melatonin does.
And when you're talking
on your phone all the time
and you got this phone on
your head day in day out,
you're actually affecting
your melatonin, guys.
And that's a very serious thing.
Our bodies are in sync with
the natural EMFs of the Earth.
Now we've introduced all these
men made EMFs with all the cell
phone towers, radio waves,
microwaves, wireless,
satellites.
What do you think the
satellites are doing?
They're beaming down EMFs on us.
You can't avoid it.
We're actually being saturated.
But guess what?
We've got a way around that.
We've got what we call
electromagnetic chaos devices,
and we've got all sorts
of them, something
that can neutralize these EMFs.
And you can get
them in pendants,
you can wear them on your body.
This is one that I wear, if you
can have a quick look at that.
I wear that on my
chest at all times.
That's really, really cool.
It's been really,
really good for me.
Makes me feel better.
And just basically
like I said, it just
neutralizes all
those man made EMFs
from just bombarding my body.
This one here, this one here is
kind of cool and interesting.
This one protects your whole
home from Wi-Fi, everything.
Now, you can get them
for your mobile phone.
See these little ones?
They just stick onto
your mobile phone.
There's one there and
there's another one there.
All right, team, now we're
going to do a little experiment.
This is super cool.
We're going to
grab a phone that's
got a chaos device on it.
I'm going to hold it to my chest
and do a little muscle test.
And we're going to grab a
phone that doesn't and we're
going to see if I test
strong or if I test weak.
We'll really put it
to the test for you.
All right, Fritz, come
on, jump on in here.
Let's do this.
OK, so you can see this
phone has clearly got
a chaos device on there.
I'm going to hold it on.
I'm going to focus on the phone.
I'm going to tell myself that
this phone is good for me.
How'd it go?
>> Can't do it.
>> You can't do it.
Test is super
strong, super strong.
You just can't handle
my strength anyway.
All right, next phone.
All right, this phone
is almost destroyed
but it doesn't have a
chaos device on it, OK?
So right now I'm just
getting bombarded by EMFs.
I don't have my
pendant on either.
OK, this phone is strong for me.
>> Pinky finger.
>> Pinky finger, pinky
finger, pinky finger.
This phone is good for me.
You could see then, somehow,
someway-- and I don't know.
I don't know exactly
how muscle testing work.
But my body detects
that there's EMFs
bombarding my chest which makes
my muscles instantly go weak.
We're going to try
something new here.
We're going to grab this phone
which doesn't have a chaos
device on it, and we're going
to add our little magic dome,
right?
And we're going to
put the dome on there.
Maybe I'm going to put
the dome on the inside.
OK, now we're going
to test again.
All right, this
phone is good for me.
>> Can't do it.
>> There you go.
So, all we did--
I mean, you can't walk
around with this goofy thing
stuck to your phone every day.
That wouldn't be the
super cool thing to do.
Use your electromagnetic
chaos devices, guys.
Go to Alternate Health.
We've tested a lot of these.
We've got the best
ones on there.
You can go on there
and be confident.
We know which ones are good.
Put them on your body,
use the pendants,
put them on your mobile
phones, get the ones that
neutralize your whole house.
And watch over time you'll
start feeling better.
You'll balance out your
own natural frequency
and you'll notice over
time you'll feel stronger,
you'll sleep better, you'll
be able to focus more.
And you be able to do what
we're trying to do here
at Alternate Health every day
is bring your vibration up
and be able to transmit
into the cosmos
your dreams and your desires
and feel good and just
be balanced in your body.
That's it for me today.
It's super windy.
I think we're about
to get blown away.
We had so much fun.
We've been out here in nature.
We're talking about one
of the most coolest things
that we know about.
Mwah.
Love you guys!
Thanks for listening to me.
I'll see you next time.
Bye.